Proofpoint TAP v2 - Added a validation to the start time (#34338)
demisto/content: Packs/ProofpointTAP/ReleaseNotes/1_2_12.md

#### Integrations

##### Proofpoint TAP v2

> Fixed an issue where too old start date could be sent in the request to the API in the fetch-incidents command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where excessively old start dates could be sent API in the fetch-incidents command.
```
